Summary
		Experienced Software Developer with excellent Java skill and good knowledge of related technologies. Currently living in S.-Petersburg, Russia.
		Relocation outside Russian Federation is acceptable.

Mobile: +7(921)390-20-78
E-mail: mjelnr@gmail.com
Skype: 	mjelnir

Specialities:

Areas of Expertise: 
		Software development and maintenance, Java, Scala, Javascript, Web development, Android, Eclipse platform, Mobile platforms.

Skills: 
		Strong core Java development experience.
		Solid understanding OOP and Functional programming principles.
		Eclipse, PDE and RCP programming
		Scala and Java development experience with Play framework.
		Web development: HTML, CSS, Javascript.
		Software development in C, C++.
		Experience with application servers and containers as well as developing JavaEE applications.
		Understanding SQL, JDBC, Hibernate.
		Ability to develop creative solutions for complex problems.
		Willing to permanently increase 

Skills Summary:
		Java / JavaEE / JavaME
		Scala
		Javascript / JQuery
		HTML / CSS
		Unix / Linux / Windows

Employment History:
		Research Engineer
		LG Electronics Inc.
		Nov. 2008 - Present • Petersburg, Russia
		Taking part in development LG Electronics projects. Generally as Java Developer but also were used C, Javascript, Scala, SQL and many of related frameworks and technologies.
		
		* Development and maintenance of LG Eclipse based products.
		* Development and maintenance of LG SDK Mobile Platform. 
		* Development of LG Web application for remote system of security threat detection.
		* Android application development.
		* Development and maintenance of Javascript applications for WebOS.
		
		Java Developer
		Zodiac Interactive
		Sep. 2007 - March 2008 • Petersburg, Russia
		Maintenance of mobile platform PowerUp for interactive TV.
		* Development of part of mobile platform PowerUp.
		* The platform performance improvement.
		* Bug fixing and debugging.
		
		Java Developer
		Octavian Int Ltd.
		July 2006 - Sep. 2007 • Petersburg
		Games software development for slot machines.
		* Maintenance of Chicago game
		* Development of Captain Parrot game